Rework connections/readme.md to be more concise (#288)
libp2p/specs: connections/README.md

            - [Multiplexing Streams](#multiplexing-streams)
        - [Upgrading](#upgrading)
    - [Practical Considerations](#practical-considerations)
        - [State Management](#state-management)
            - [Peer Metadata Storage](#peer-metadata-storage)
            - [Connection Limits](#connection-limits)
        - [Connection Lifecycle Events](#connection-lifecycle-events)
    - [Future Work](#future-work)
    - [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
        - [A Note about Interoperability](#a-note-about-interoperability)
        - [Protocol IDs (Extended)](#protocol-ids-extended)
    

## Overview

This document describes the process and anatomy of establishing connections to new peers in
libp2p, alongside describing several fundamental aiding protocols and processes. 

We also discuss the procol negociation processes that help set up sessions, and opening new additional connections over an existing connection.

This document does not cover the establishment of "transport level" connections, 
for example opening "raw" TCP sockets, as those semantics are specific to each
transport.

What is covered here is the process that occurs after making the initial

> transport level connection, up to the point where "application level" connections

Reviewer: Streams is more correct. There are no transport-level connections and application connections. There is one connection, and multiple streams over it.

Author: Connections is more correct, "streams" is a concept born from multiplexing, this is concerning itself with the lowest levels of the protocol, where multiplexing is a higher concept which simply provides more connections (streams) over one connection.

are opened, and their protocols are identified, and data is routed appropriately
to handler functions.

## Definitions

### Protocol

Protocols lay at the heart of libp2p, providing modularity by availability on both parties.

> Protocols are abritrary processes on both ends of the libp2p [session] that write/read to the underlying [connection].

Reviewer: A protocol doesn't need to be a process.
Tiny typo:

```suggestion
Protocols are arbitrary processes on both ends of the libp2p [session] that write/read to the underlying [connection].
```

Reviewer: They do not read/write to the underlying connection, but to a stream.

Author: > They do not read/write to the underlying connection, but to a stream.

They do, see my comment above, this document should not be specific to application framework structure, only explain the fundamentals of connection establishment.

Protocols can be pretty much anything, from HTTP to Identity exchange, from [multiplexing] to security.

> Protocols are identified by their **Protocol ID**. This can be any string, but convention is that protocols identify themselves by forward slashes ( `/` )

Reviewer: A more precise statement would be:

```suggestion
Protocols are identified by their **Protocol ID**. This can be any string, but it's conventional for protocols to follow hierarchical naming, using forward slashes (`/`) for namespacing and/or to separate levels.
```

For example, `/mplex/1.0.0` is the Protocol ID for the [ `mplex` stream-multiplexing protocol][mplex].

> *A recommended markup of Protocol IDs is: `/<corresponding propery>/<protocol name>/<semantic version>` , with `corresponding property` often dropped with core libp2p-backed protocols.*

Reviewer: More often than not, the first path element will be the name of the application/system, e.g. eth2 uses `eth2` IIRC, filecoin uses `fil`, libp2p uses `p2p` sometimes.

Author: Is that a detail that should be included in this fundamental document? It looks unnecessary to me to specify those next to explaining the basics of protocol ID naming convention.

> An unique trait of protocols is that they're programmatically able to produce further agnostic [connections][connection] or [transports][transport], making it possible to stack features of protocols on top of eachother (see [Securing Connections](#securing-connections) and [Multiplexing Streams](#multiplexing-streams)).

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you mean with a protocol being able to produce a "agnostic" connection or transport? This is mixing various concepts in a way that is not truthful.

Author: The `proxy` protocol produces transports to other libp2p nodes, these don't inherit any connection properties (security, identity, etc.), and should instead be treated as a new opened transport to other nodes.

The `multiplex` protocol produces more connections from one connection, these connections inherit any underlying properties (security, etc.) from underlying connections, stopping at the transport.

### Connection

> A connection is an abstract bi-directional pipe that carries a [protocol].

Reviewer: This is not correct. A connection does not carry a protocol. A connection is a transport-dependent pipe that connects two peers. A connection can hold streams, each of which does associate with a protocol.

Author: See my above comment, this is an abstraction. Btw, a connection *does* associate itself with a protocol technically, with the default stack of `security -> mplex`, a connection technically carries a TLS protocol, which produces another connection for `mplex` to use to produce multiple connections (streams) from.
